Increase keepalived log level (can be overwritten) (#3)
Aversiste/ansible-role-keepalived: README.md

* `keepalived_global_defs`: configure the `global_defs` block ;
* `keepalived_vrrp_scripts`: configure one or more `vrrp_script` ;
* `keepalived_vrrp_instances`: configure one or more `vrrp_instance`.

> * `keepalived_default_args`: configure defaults arguments for keepalived daemon (set "--log-detail --log-facility=7" by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `keepalived_flags`: flags to pass to the keepalived daemon (set `--log-detail --log-facility=7` by default)
```
